yplan: add page (#10785)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/yplan.md

# yplan

> > A Perl prgram that generates LaTex code to print a vertical-type size-monthly daily planner for any chosen year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Generate LaTeX code for a two-page vertical daily planner for any chosen year.
> The output can be converted or printed using conversion tools such as `pandoc`, `pdflatex`, or `xetex`.
```

Simpler than (alongside the typo):

> Prints two six-monthly vertical-type daily planner (i.e., months along the top, days downwards), with each 6-month period fitting onto a single A4 (or US letter) sheet.

Author: Done.

> More information: <https://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/macros/latex/contrib/yplan>.

- Create a daily planner with specified language, lettercase (uppercase or lowercase) and year:

> `yplan {{language}} {{lettercase}} {{year}} > {{file.tex}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yplan {{language}} {{lettercase}} {{year}} > {{path/to/file.tex}}`
```

You're using shell redirection so it applies to non-current directory as well.

Author: Done
